updating requirements on default label (#1545)
fermyon/developer: content/wasm-functions/using-key-value-store.md

## Grant Key Value Store Permission

> To enable a component in Spin to use a Key value Store, you need to [grant it the necessary permissions in the application's manifest](https://spinframework.dev/kv-store-api-guide#granting-key-value-store-permissions-to-components) (`spin.toml`) by adding a label. A label is a developer-defined string that links your component to an external resource. In this case, the resource is a Key Value Store. When deploying to _Fermyon Wasm Functions_, the label must be set to "default" to signal the platform to automatically provision a Key Value Store for your Spin application. While other labels besides "default" can be used for linking to existing resources in a local developer workflow, "default" is required for automatic key value provisioning on _Fermyon Wasm Functions_.

Reviewer: I feel like this buries the key point ("you can only use `default`") in the middle of a rather long and complicated paragraph.  Would you be open to something like e.g.

```suggestion
To enable a component in Spin to use a key-value store, you need to [grant it the necessary permissions in the application's manifest](https://spinframework.dev/kv-store-api-guide#granting-key-value-store-permissions-to-components) (`spin.toml`).  To do this, add the label of the store to the component's `key_value_stores` in `spin.toml`.

In Fermyon Wasm Functions, the only label allowed is `"default"`.

> In a local developer workflow, applications can use other labels besides "default", but these have to be manually mapped to physical stores, and so you won't be able to deploy such applications to Fermyon Wasm Functions.
```

I might even strike that last note because it breaks up the "you gotta add the label" explanation from the "here is what that looks like" example.

> To enable a component in Spin to use a Key value Store, you need to [grant it the necessary permissions in the application's manifest](https://spinframework.dev/kv-store-api-guide#granting-key-value-store-permissions-to-components) (`spin.toml`) by adding a label. A label is a developer-defined string that links your component to an external resource. In this case, the resource is a Key Value Store. When deploying to _Fermyon Wasm Functions_, the label must be set to "default" to signal the platform to automatically provision a Key Value Store for your Spin application. While other labels besides "default" can be used for linking to existing resources in a local developer workflow, "default" is required for automatic key value provisioning on _Fermyon Wasm Functions_.

Reviewer 2: I like @itowlson's suggestion but I'd maybe preserve a _little_ more detail, e.g.:

In Fermyon Wasm Functions, the only label allowed is `"default"`, a Key Value Store automatically provisioned for your application.

> To enable a component in Spin to use a Key value Store, you need to [grant it the necessary permissions in the application's manifest](https://spinframework.dev/kv-store-api-guide#granting-key-value-store-permissions-to-components) (`spin.toml`) by adding a label. A label is a developer-defined string that links your component to an external resource. In this case, the resource is a Key Value Store. When deploying to _Fermyon Wasm Functions_, the label must be set to "default" to signal the platform to automatically provision a Key Value Store for your Spin application. While other labels besides "default" can be used for linking to existing resources in a local developer workflow, "default" is required for automatic key value provisioning on _Fermyon Wasm Functions_.

Reviewer 3: +1 to Ivan's suggestion and Lann's addition of saying that a kv store is provisioned for you

> To enable a component in Spin to use a Key value Store, you need to [grant it the necessary permissions in the application's manifest](https://spinframework.dev/kv-store-api-guide#granting-key-value-store-permissions-to-components) (`spin.toml`) by adding a label. A label is a developer-defined string that links your component to an external resource. In this case, the resource is a Key Value Store. When deploying to _Fermyon Wasm Functions_, the label must be set to "default" to signal the platform to automatically provision a Key Value Store for your Spin application. While other labels besides "default" can be used for linking to existing resources in a local developer workflow, "default" is required for automatic key value provisioning on _Fermyon Wasm Functions_.

Author: Yes, I like pairing down the language to just the context the user needs to take action.

Looks like capitalization of  the term "key value store" was inconsistent across the article, @itowlson . I went through and standardized on "key value store."

## Grant Key Value Store Permission

To enable a component in Spin to use a key-value store, you need to [grant it the necessary permissions in the application's manifest](https://spinframework.dev/kv-store-api-guide#granting-key-value-store-permissions-to-components) (`spin.toml`).  To do this, add the label of the store to the component's `key_value_stores` in `spin.toml`.

> In _Fermyon Wasm Functions_, the only label allowed is `"default"` which signals to the platform to automatically provision a Key Value store for your Spin  application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In _Fermyon Wasm Functions_, the only label allowed is `"default"` which signals to the platform to automatically provision a key value store for your Spin  application.
```
